Mix and match db fix (#872)
EventStore/documentation: docs/getting-started/use-cases/mix-and-match-database/tutorial-1.md

You will then initialize KurrentDB by appending sample events that mimic an e-commerce application. The events are appended using a data generator program.

> ## Step 1: Setup Your Codespaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 1: Set up Your Codespaces
```

1. Click the `Stream Browser` link from the top navigation bar.

2. Under `Recently Changed Streams`, click the `$ce-cart` link. 

   ::: info Understanding Category System Projection

>    The `$ce-cart` stream contains events from all the carts in KurrentDB. This uses the category system projection stream feature. For more information, [click here](https://docs.kurrent.io/server/v24.10/features/projections/system.html#by-category).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The `$ce-cart` stream contains events from all the carts in KurrentDB. This uses the category system projection stream feature. For more information, see [System Projections](https://docs.kurrent.io/server/v25.0/features/projections/system.html#by-category).
```

does it have to be 24.10? if not, let's use 25
